docs(snap): Move usage instructions to docs (#4006)
edgexfoundry/edgex-go: snap/README.md

# EdgeX Platform Snap
[![edgexfoundry](https://snapcraft.io/edgexfoundry/badge.svg)][edgexfoundry]

This directory contains the snap packaging of the EdgeX platform snap containing all reference core services along with several other security, supporting, application, and device services.

The platform snap is built automatically and published on the Snap Store as [edgexfoundry].

> For usage instructions, please refer to App Service Configurable section in [Getting Started using Snaps][docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For usage instructions, please refer to Platform Snap section in [Getting Started using Snaps][docs].
```
